Adding Coconut-SVSM support (#19)
amd/sev-utils: docs/snp.md

```
./snp.sh setup-host
```

> Coconut-SVSM: To set up the host by building IGVM, SVSM, QEMU, OVMF, and the Linux kernel, use the following command:
> ```
> ./snp.sh --svsm setup-host
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--svsm` option can be specified with the above command to set-up the host for SVSM. This will build a Coconut-SVSM kernel as well as the IGVM, SVSM, OVMF and QEMU launch dependencies.
```
```

Author: You are asking remove command and add verbal explanation. I would like to keep command as well in documentation. This gives clear instruction on where they should add "--svsm" option. @ryansavino, any suggestions?

```
./snp.sh launch-guest
```

> On the Coconut-SVSM setup, use the following command:
> ```
> ./snp.sh --svsm launch-guest
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--svsm` option can be specified in the above command to launch a Coconut-SVSM guest. The `setup-host` command must be run with this same option in order to have the necessary dependencies to launch an SVSM guest.
```

Author: You are asking remove command and add verbal explanation. I would like to keep command as well in documentation. This gives clear instruction on where they should add "--svsm" option. @ryansavino, any suggestions?

```
./snp.sh attest-guest
```

> On the Coconut-SVSM setup, use the following command:
> ```
> ./snp.sh --svsm attest-guest
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `--svsm` option in the above command to attest a Coconut-SVSM guest.
```

Author: You are asking remove command and add verbal explanation. I would like to keep command as well in documentation. This gives clear instruction on where they should add "--svsm" option. @ryansavino, any suggestions?

[virtee/snpguest](https://github.com/virtee/snpguest) tool. If the two measurements 
match, then the test returns with a successful output.

> Note: On the Coconut-SVSM setup, the igvmmeasure tool (part of the SVSM build) is used to calculate the expected launch measurement.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of Coconut-SVSM attestation, the [igvmmeasure](https://github.com/coconut-svsm/svsm/tree/main/igvmmeasure) tool is used, which will only measure the IGVM file used to launch the guest. This expected measurement should match with the measurement on the attestation report of the SVSM guest.
```
